Update various sections of the documentation (#7)
envless/docs: pages/cli/index.mdx

## Get started with Envless CLI

> The Envless CLI is a powerful command-line tool designed to simplify the development and management of your project. It can be used to perform a variety of tasks, including authentication to your account, managing branches, teams, and environmental variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Envless CLI is a powerful command-line tool designed to sync, secure and manage your app secrets on your local development machine, as well as Cloud and CI/CD pipelines. It can be used to perform a variety of tasks, including authenticating to your account, managing variables, branches and teams.
```

> The Envless CLI is compatible with any programming language, framework, hosting platform, and infrastructure, as well as with CI/CD pipelines, making it a versatile tool that can be integrated seamlessly into your existing development workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Envless CLI is compatible with any programming languages, frameworks, hosting platforms, and infrastructures, as well as with CI/CD pipelines, making it a versatile tool that can be integrated seamlessly into your existing software development and deployment workflow.
```
